what's up everybody here on viral
vlogging this is day 7 here and today's
comment code is going to be cheese CH e
es e just like cream cheese geez so good
morning good afternoon good night to all
of you for me happens to be 1129 and
just got up a little while ago because i
got the bed kind of late so you are
witnessing my morning routine here as
you can see i'm gonna pop it over here
and look who we see you see brittany you
recognize her and you witness put in is
just like tony robbins hands did you
ever see that before and shallow hal
jeez it's like we're having a whole
bunch of bananas like jam shaking a
bunch of bananas it's pretty weird I
know what do you think's going to happen
next comment then coming to comment it
right now in three two one what I'm
about to show you might change your life
in more ways than one I'm gonna show you
right now bagels toasting right now well
actually it's still it's one bagel but
it's like two halves so that's pretty
interesting I gotta say it changed my
life changes my life every day every day
when I have a bagel in the morning and
it helps me give the N and helps give me
the energy I need at the gym
makes me feel strong there must be baby
he looks like a drunken man when he's
walking up hey look over here hey all
right so we're going to keep this vlog
pretty simple nothing really exciting is
going on today so let's just get to the
viral portion now there's this guy named
Adam and Adam I lost one of his legs due
to cancer and he was a gymnast you know
he did gymnastics and whatnot and uh
once he lost his leg he thought he would
never be able to do gymnastics again but
he shocked the world and proved everyone
wrong and this is the video of his
recovery in the gym
as you can see he's lost his right leg
but it's not stopping her
i watch you guys watch the rest of the
video the link is in the description uh
this guy is a real success story it's
it's you know it makes you it just makes
you feel good it makes you feel like you
can do anything like I'm doing my weight
loss and I've been so overweight for so
long and it and it gives me the hope
that's like you know this guy doesn't
even have a lake and he's doing this
stuff and me you know it gives me hope
that you know once I lose my weight and
get thin and feel great I mean I could
you know do whatever I want for the most
part you know long as it's not illegal
you know and I don't get arrested before
but I can pretty much do what I want but
my question to you guys is if you had
lost a leg a arm something like that
where it would make you pretty emobile
would you just give up on life and just
kind of become a vegetable or would you
do anything in your power to continue to
live on let me know in the comments
section what would you do and remember
today's comment code to comment as much
as you can to get into our cool box for
next Monday is cheese so I don't see too
many comments down there I don't really
see anything so remember to be eligible
you have to do is click the subscribe
button above my head give this video a
like right there of them up and comment
as much as you can and that's that so
today it's today's day seven tomorrow is
britney's day for day eight here on
viral vlogging and we hope to see more
of you soon all right I'm out see you
later
you